The following were responses to the question, "Any other thoughts about AI and origami?" 
==========================================
not cool
I want AI to do my diagrams not imitate origami :(
I hate it and just like for drawing, I don't get with it's used.
AI is not origami, I don't see the issue. We enjoy folding which is in the real world, and my inspiration mostly comes from books.
I also get a bit annoyed with the use of AI to animate origami models. Again its a shortcut to get a poor imitation of something that would otherwise require action origami or stop motion. Animated origami without AI is much more interesting.
My feelings about AI have always been much stronger about the usage of the technology than the product itself. How ethically was the model trained? Are the users being appropriate in their usage of the models? AI generated images should never be passed off as the genuine artefact.
It will disrupt origami artist as people would just use AI origami for ads instead of hiring origami artist
AI PD -> Origamihouse style diagram when
A tool but not a replacement for human creativity.
There are some which are obviously ai, others could go either way; the 3d bull looked like it could be a real model although I selectes that it was ai. I think that since most that view our works are also involved in origami will likely have a better sense of what's real. The death of factual information on the internet will come at some point, but I can't imagine sharing origami online would die so quickly.
We really need to stop all these ai origami content from confusing people and taking away from all the real artists like us. Thank you for doing this!
Not art
Can be pretty interesting for ideas for models but the 3d art can't be replaced.
(This is a resubmission as I wasnt signed in last time)
A message to origami artists. Do not stay naive thinking that an AI model will never get good enough to represent origami in one way or another. Only a very short time ago people said the same about digital arts stating "hurr durr AI can't even generate the right amount of fingers or text" and look at where we are now. Beware.
These clankers are getting out of hand.
I don't like generative AI, I hope it doesn't enter the origami world too much - just my personal distaste for it
Some of these AI ones are crazy good
Safe for now since AI cant make physical models quite yet
Never should the two meet
man we're so absolutely fucked
it bums me out, man. im an ai art hater in general, but it hits different when its an art form im very familiar with. origami is kind of magic in the way it feels like it defies the physical limitations of paper, but its even more beautiful in the elegance with which it understands and obeys them. ai origami feels like it deflates those ideas. i found myself less interested in looking at any of the models presented due solely to the fact that there was a possibility any could be ai. part of the fun of origami is that its so accessible. if you see a model you like, theres a good chance that resources exist to help you make it yourself as well. ai origami completely defeats this element of the medium, which is one of my favorite things about origami
This shit is scary man I genuinely dont know a couple, although you can probably easily tell if the artist is real or not by their post history and like if they ever share crease patterns
big bad
Could it be used to develop intricate types of origami?
I feel like the context in which I'm seeing origami images helps clarify a lot, as opposed to seeing these images in isolation.
Ai sucks and has no real artistic value and steals from real artists I think this is a good test
It's a bit silly people make the pictures since they have no value but i'm more annoyed by the fake diagrams going around.
Looks very good, almost like real origami models at some points
AI has no place in origami and many others means of art.
Its scary realistic
Kinda pointless, origami is really rarely about the pure beauty of it and more about the bending of reality to have it
Hate generative AI, Love Origami
Why is it getting so good I feel like this is gonna get pretty bad very quickly (not within the community but mostly slop accounts outside of it)
I worry that it will dilute origami artists already low monetary value as companies won't care if something is really possible just that it achieves an aesthetic. Similarly non origami artists already claim complex origami is AI whenever they go viral so there's already a clear disconnect between general populace and what is perceived as origami. Meaning the AI counterparts will probably be seen with open or closed arms based on the person and their opinion. Not a unified standard
Good for simplifying the design processes; terrible for creation
This is getting scary
AI gettin gud fr
We are cooked
Ai generated images and videos are a threat to the creative community. I absolutely dont like it
Dont like AI for origami or in general
La IA nunca superar al humano en origami
i hate ai
AI is scary as its hard to differentiate from true good hard work and AI slop.
Sad that AI can imitate origami now :(
It's good as a tool, like Photoshop, to enhance and assist presentation. Not so much if the intent is to fool the viewer.
Love origami not ai
This was seriously tough
This was a scary quiz , I felt more confident before opening the quiz but it is difficult
Not a fan of AI in general, but disappointed at how much I have to scrutiniz
Im against AI photos of origami, but if AI becomes super advanced one day, it may hopefully help designers design their own origami models in the future.
I despise AI image generation in general and for origami thats no different. An entirely pointless waste of resources that has absolutely no benefit.
Its crazy how ai has developed to make realistic looking origami
I think it can be a great tool for ideas but I am unsure if the depth it can go for origami design.
unless its for proof of concept, it cannot coexist nicely
AI and origami would be a fine combo if we didn't live in a cruel world full of liars and profiteers.
i don't like it but it seems useful for ideas and you might be able to use it to create origami diagrams
AI can make photos of origami all it wants but its never going to be able to fold a model.
AI is good but i prefer real skill tbh
What the fuck
i hate it
I think it is not bad, i have allready seen people recreating AI origami
Ai has gotten a lot better at it over the years.
i want sam altman to die
AI shouldn't be in commerical creative spaces. The fact that someone can ultimately decide to use AI for lyrics, music, and artwork can be incredibly frustrating and considering it has gotten increasingly difficult to detect everything has made things even more difficult than it already is. In the future, I'm hoping they take the measure to implement laws against the use of Artificial Intelligence so it doesn't plague commercial spaces in the future, or if someone uses AI for dead artists. I'm indifferent about origami as a whole, but my reasonings of AI being used for creative arts apply here.
AI is scary
AI models that actually use folding models, like protein folding Ai, could be great
At this point there is no reason to believe generative software can reliably make crease patterns/diagrams in order to design from scratch in the near future. However, given its intersection with STEM, there might already be an enterprising paperfolder chipping away, very slowly, at this goal. Content farms are already dabbline in making making bogus instructions and inevitably short video "showcases" simply for clicks. Maybe people will start faking both finished models and in-progress photos in the same post. It isn't a big enough hobby for any larger scale scamming, as opposed to skills like crochet with a large online market, and any potential customers would (hopefully) be discerning enough to notice whether something looks fishy.
I can't see a real advantage in the possibility of generating images resembling real origami, I fear that it could be more dangerous than useful... It's fascinating indeed, but what can it be useful for?
IA no, origami siiii
I hope no kind of art gets replaced by it
Not much, maybe in the future Ai can be used as a tool to design more realistic and easy models
Hate ai. Love origami
Nope!
Origami rules
the blue knight has potential to be real, i think what makes it convincing that it's real is because of the color change
AI can be useful but gosh darn it any artistic site is at least 50% AI now (looking at you Pinterest) I hate it.
Its evil that people are takung advantafe of the hardwork of others to make fake Ai images that nill the environment
we're so cooked.
AI has no place in the creative field, and origami is a particularly technical technique. AI cheapens all forms of art, and AI origami loses its nature wntirelym
Seeing a cool model that turns out to be AI on closer look is so disappointing.
One of those ridiculously easy to fake things that will set disastrously high standards for people who dont understand how difficult the real thing is.
Im not against AI generally, but I dont understand why someone would want to create an AI image origami.
AI is an absolutely terrible and unethical thing. Data centers used to run AI are grotesque things accelerating the climate crisis, disrupting communities, and burning through precious resources. Fuck AI with all of my soul
I think AI would be great to render or stylise photos of models made by Human! Not create an altogether random AI generated model :)
I think the technology is impressive it has gotten much better over a very short span. I also think the long-term ramifications for artists are concerning. Origami is a super cool art form that I would consider a hobby.
Kinda wierdChamp. Maybe an algorithms can help origami folders create new crease patterns but idk about image generation. Kinda takes away from the actual unreal-looking things people create.
I'd only really look if the image is very obviously AI, or if the build seems more complicated. I think it's so unfortunate that real work put into origami is getting plagiarized to give a false impression to non-origami enthusiasts.
AI is highly unethical. To keep this short, it can never replace folding the real model.
It's sad AI gets used to fake something hand made. Especially because it makes sou second guess EVERYTHING you see instead of being able to just enjoy something, even if it's real. Besides all the other horrible sides of AI
As an artist myself, I wish people would begin to put in just a little effort in acquiring new skills such as origami, drawing, painting etc. Almost anybody can learn these skills (it's even easier nowadays with the internet). We trading long lasting skills and rewarding experiences for AI.
since origami is such a physical, complex art i think it's one of the art forms least likely to be taken over by ai - the most it can do is regenerate bad photos of what origami might look like
Good for ideas but dont like it too much. Waters down the pool of actual good artists
The generation of finished origami models is a special case of image generation. This is entertainment with no practical benefit. Generative AI does not "know" physics, so it is more useful to apply it to origami from the different, analytical side. Feel free to write me for discussion if you are interested.
Who cares about looking at photos? The point of this stuff is to fold it yourself, and you can't fake that. Origami has always only ever been "real" if the diagrams/CP are shared. People overindex on attention from photo sharing and social media and undersell the interesting part of origami -- actually folding and helping other people actually fold your designs. I'd only give a shit about this if AI was generating designs (which would be replacing one of the interesring parts)
AI is not tuff
Ai is a tool it can be used to help someone in the design of a new origami model but it can't replace the art form
It's and easy thing to generate, and tough to be able to call out. Origami is a beautiful art form that ought to be preserved, but I do see it being something easily faked.
Some of them look more like papercraft.
AI can become an acceptable tool in origami as long as it is used solely to help in the brainstorming and design process rather than passing it off as ones own work. For example, using AI to generate images of a model and then using those images as references to then design an origami model would be more acceptable than to use the raw images as ones own design.
Ai has made its way from digital art to us now... i guess the day had to come eventually. still, i don't think ai could come up with convincing progress pics, and conventions exist, and such.
Fuck AI
ai can be used as a tool for the artistic process, not as a substitute. Unrealistic ai models are more frustrating than impressive currently
I hate it because lots of people send it too me then think real origami is bad because the ai dragon had 10 heads.
AI is unable to really gauge realistic origami and if we want it to do more we would like an ai who would be able to solve a crease pattern and show steps to make the complete model.
Origami's pretty cool
I think AI is misleading people with what origami can do
AI and origami is a terrible mix. AI cannot replicate human creativity. It would be game-changing one day if AI could develop crease patterns and show the user what it would turn into in real time.
AI-generated pictures of origami models and instructions works as yet another reminder to not believe everything you see on the internet. Just like always (and perhaps even more now), origami enthusiasts should be informed of where they can find trusted sources for origami models and instructions that don't disappoint. A few links to trusted YouTube channels and sites like Gilad's Origami database in r/origami's sidebar would be a start. Anything to spread the knowledge. As for AI images being posted to the subreddit (or any other site for that matter) by either oblivious or malicious users: I think it's important to inform anyone who's been tricked by AI about the difference between trusted and illegitimate sources (as opposed to blaming them for "falling for the obvious" or similar). I also think it's important to not immediately assume that a seemingly AI-generated post actually is AI or has been made with malicious intent. Instead, you should ask for additional pictures or other evidence. Accusing someone of "cheating" with AI can end badly if the accusation ends up being false, and it disappoints me when people seemingly forget that and starts accusing anyway. In my opinion, a creator should always be considered not guilty until proven otherwise. That goes for art and social media in general.
They all look impossible!!
No more
bro were cooked
I dont support the use of generative AI for recreational use. I do enjoy origami as an art form. I had an origami phase a few years ago and used whatever tutorials I could find.
Cringe
it is a cancer
Some of the models shown were very simple, it's hard to tell in this case since i think ai lazy do a better job for these
Makes me sad that I no longer can look at something and feel a sense of wonder but rather a sense of doubt.
Would be interesting if AI could actually design models (idk if they can currently)
If I was fooled by any one of these wow AIs come pretty far
It sucks!
I think I would be ok with AI to create crease patterns...
Ai should be used to develop the design of origami not just make a origami like work
This quiz wall cool!
AI can help sometimes, but a lot of other times it can also cause real folders problems when many people keep saying that their real origami is Ai
AI should support the possibilities of what can be created with origami but can never take the place of the skill it takes to create it. That goes for all art
AI is insane i dont think i got half of these correct
I dont like seeing it. There are few scenarios in which i would justify it: Usage of ai is communicated immediately & the usage is justified for example for brainstorming purposes to explore design options. With that being said - if ai origami is dominating my feed (and lets say I recognize that its ai) it would probably cause me to unfollow those accounts.
Its another beautiful craft/art currently being polluted by nonsensical AI-generated creations like crochet
I just dont understand why you would use it to create a photo of origami that wasnt properly made by a human
Origami is an incredible craft founded in mathematical principles. Using computers to support your craft in the making of theorems or designing a net prior to handling any paper is to be anticipated, but generative AI and the use of AI to mould art is dangerous and is removing joys in life. I heard someone refer to it as "digital asbestos" once, AI will infiltrate every corner of the internet and its side effects will not truly be realised for many years, but when that conclusion is drawn that AI must me removed, it will take decades of hard graft and effort to scrub the internet of anything linked to AI. AI is going to ultimately damage the trust humans have with their surrounding world, as we can no longer safely predict elements of reality. Art should be sacred and made by human hands for joy, for loss, for boredom, for feeling anything. Removing art from humanity makes us nothing more than cogs in a machine we never stand to profit from.
I think it is disingenuous to post AI generated origami as your own work. AI shouldnt be used when coming up with ideas either
I think that AI tries to copy only gloss paper texture and some folds
i feel like its unfair, as origami makers may be led astray and be attempting to make things that are literally impossible to do. not to mention that it could even be used for scamming, taking money from real origami creators either selling the work/instruction books on how to fold it
Don't like AI, like origami
Origami is art ai not.
I detest AI and what it's doing for all forms of art, human expression, and society. Folks now need to be subject experts to separate photos from fiction. Yes we are cooked.
Man this bummed me out - I dont know origami very well and most of the time I just had no idea :(
Ai shouldn't be taking over creative Fields
While it may look nice, it should have a disclaimer so as to not mislead people looking to recreate or purchase the origami
unless one can feed and make sure that AI uses real origami principles this is quite useless and removes value from oridami design
Really hard to distinguish
I think it muddies the waters for beginners.
Good luck to keep it up. Tho I don't think image gnrative ia will really hurt origami, because origami is so cool to see from your own eyes
Great for certain things and detrimental for others
Mixed feelings ... As for designs I think were still far away from that and I dont see the need.
It should be used responsibly, as a tool, not as an oracle
Not much, I dont think origami is a field as much in danger as other art fields because its pretty physical and can only be done with human hands at the moment. I could see AI being used in the future to create crease patterns though.
AI is a tool that should not be abused
ai is a bubble
To the untrained eye, you wouldn't be able to distinguish ai from real origami
the other thing is- ive seen such impressive real origami that i cant even rule it out by saying oh its unbelievable therefore its AI
AI is not a threat to origami, since the actual physical folded piece is not going to generally be AI creatable. If anything AI can assist creation and planning. Its sad people will try to pass AI photos as real, but that's pretty much any art with AI. Origami conventions will hopefully become more popular? To see the real art
Its gonna be tough man. Ive seen three posts in the last two weeks on r/origami asking for diagrams for AI generated stuff :/
Often i See Models, and think to myself: how cool is that! But then unrealised it is AI and hope that someday me or someone else will design such a model
I have decent experience with intermediate level origami but am not really involved in any community so ais involvement had never really crossed my mind unlike my other hobbies. I have come across a lot of ai instructions on Pinterest though. I am very against any ai in any creative industry but especially something like origami which is so technical and can be recreated etc. if it cannot be made and exists just to create fake admiration then what is the point in it.
I think the use of AI in origami will negatively affect the community, as well as the people who just want to watch and appreciate what humans can create with a simple sheet of paper. I honestly believe this isnt a good thing. Now we cant even know whats real anymore, and thats scary. I sincerely hope that people will be honest if they use AI and will say so. I have nothing against AI in general, but here were talking about an ancient craft and a tight-knit community that could collapse if AI keeps infiltrating this wonderful art form.
I think AI needs to be regulated more because it gives a false sense of what is possible to achieve as a model. Origami AI images can give you models that aren't possible to fold
i don't mind if u use ai just say its ai
I don't want to see super cool origami art and be impressed, only to realize that it is impossible and was generated by AI. I don't like having to worry if everything I see on the internet is human-made or not.
AI is a scourge, but the better it gets the harder is is to spot. It can set unreasonable goals or fake folding achievements , making our hobby less enjoyable.
It should not replace the artists who make origami, and especially not steal their revenue. As a tool for creating designs it could be helpful however
Just regarding this quiz, some of the models looked real but not origami (more like papercraft), so I wasnt really sure how to answer those questions. If the question was just real or ai, I would have picked real (papercraft); but since this quiz was about origami, I answered ai to some of those questions.
AI obviously can never replicate the soul of origami creation, and I hope it never gets to the point where we cant tell it apart from a real human made piece. it should be banned at cons IMO.
art related AI use is not acceptable.
Human made origami is the only acceptable origami
Es divertido pero frustrante si te emociona una figura
I wish there was less AI. It's confusing and cluttering up my Instagram!
i couldnt tell for some so thats kinda crazy
I don't feel like using generative ai for physical works or pretending its real just to get traction is ethical.
AI sucks, origami made by real humans rule.
I hate AI. Also Jason. But mostly AI. Also, if I accidentally put someone's model as AI, I'm so sorry. It's not an insult, I promise. I'm just really bad at this. Note from Jason: for anybody reading this is my friend on my account and I am not responsible for their answers
Its scary that its getting so difficult to tell them apart
ai sucks
Hate ai, it's ruining so many things, including origami pattern finding
Ai should not be used in origami, even in the tree diagram phase. we are all smart enough to make whatever we want a reality, and that feels like it's being cheated when people use ai. right now it feels like only ai usage is for making pictures of finished products and not complex models yet, but it is still doing harm to those interested in starting origami as they might not know something is impossible.
Man this is scary
I felt very convinced by a lot of these and am concerned that I have not caught most
A bad idea in general
Fuck AI
It sucks :(
ai image and video generation has no real use and doesnt solve any problems. Its a waste of money. The only reason its being developed is so that powerful people can pass off real images and videos as ai generated. Ultimately they are killing the possibility to prove something to be true using photo or video evidence
yucky
AI sucks lol
Fuck AI, hail real art
AI spam sucks
Only how difficult it's becoming to tell, and how sad that makes me.
A bit weird to want to generate origami pictures. The whole point is the awe and magic of something that seems impossible. Making yourself second guess that its real takes all the joy out of it because now you need to analyse and think if its realistic. If its using algorithms to analyse many organisms patterns to find correlations for mathematical advancements like they do for research, I think thats really cool and has already been done for a while, but this is to no ones benefit except for a few likes and clicks. I want to see art with effort and thought you know. Feels insulting to origami.
Hate AI
dont care
its ruining the "ART" side of origami
I just dislike ai images in general. Ai takes away from other art forms
poooooop
AI bad
AI is annoying as fuck.
Almost says more about how good origami has gotten in the past 30 years than how convincing AI is.
Ai cannot create elaborate design, it only take inspiration on simple model...
Not very impactful
I think AI is a threat to origami creativity and it creates intellectual property issues
Cool experiment! I think ai might be able to generate foldable models if it is trained using the math of origami. As of now, it looks like it's trying to replicate the "look" of origami. Just my thoughts, might be wrong though!
Fairly challenging to identify which is real or AI.
i don't like slop origami :(
I hope to AI can help in the future for design somethings
both models were cool
It was scary how unsure I was at points
I don't think it's that big of a deal for origami. Other arts have been heavily influenced by it, mostly in a negative way
Very scary, I think ai will make real highly complex models indistinguishable from ai slop.
This was really hard to tell
I think AI would be pretty useless trying to come up with a pattern, but can be convincing when generating images of fake designs
I hate AI and love origami
AI bad Origami good
It's incredibly frustrating to find models and notice that something is off and in fact ai
I was most unsure about the Tessellation because I've never seen anything like it. I've at least seen "regular" complex origami, but never a technique that relies on light. I don't really understand origami and how the folds work, but I did try to imagine how one would go about creating the designs. That might've been a good strategy I haven't seen my score, so I wouldn't know.
Hard to tell the difference
AI regulation is essential to humanity
hot damn this was hard
AI is a scourge and I wished that it would disappear
Hate how fake AI look
Juts why....
Hate how you now have to be constantly wary if something is AI or not
AI sucks.
Don't care, Pictures are not important
It's getting concerningly close
Could be used in future for general ideas on construction but not diagrams
Man I hate generative AI. Give me a child's terrible paper hat over a perfect Ancient Dragon any day. Origami is interesting because of its limitations!
Not a good development if used to trick people into thinking models are real when in fact they are impossible to fold
I wonder how rigorous the math behind origami is, bc if it is pretty defined and predictable with like established methods, AI truly could 'master' it and be even wildly creative with it. Could also be just a good tool for optimizing envisioning from patterns maybe. I wanna know what I got lol
Pues que le falta mucho para ser real
How far has the AI go to not even take over Art, but starting to take over Origami
Origami being infected with ai leads to people thinking they can't fold simple models when the model itself isn't possible in the first place
AI image generation specifically is a net negative technology for society, although computer vision in general has lots of potential for positive impact. Also, thank you for clarifying that these responses will not be used to train AI models.
The reason I believe origami is amazing is that we can take simple sheets of paper and turn it into amazing shapes. There is an inherent limitation in folding origami that AI just ignores. Which, to me, defeats the entire purpose.
Hbnnnnngh
AI should not be used in creative spaces.
Ai should be kept away from art
I like, makes me want to do them for real, I dislike because it can be used to trick
If i get less than half of this right then we're so cooked
Its going to be a while longer before images of real models are truly indistinguishable from generated images, but the line is getting blurrier. AI diagrams on the other hand I dont think will ever be able to be generated by a diffusion image generation model. It would have to be combined with a model built specifically for origami.
very hard to tell
Scary how real it's looking
If ai provides directions it'll be great
Cool for getting an idea of what it could look like
terrifying, very sad how we are destroying human artists :(
Fuck AI
AI can help with origami design, but fake origami images should be labelled as such.
AI origami could only ever be for online clout... It's not even a real physical thing that can be made.
ai sucks
bad takes away all the fun of seeing a crazy model and wondering how they did that
it's stupid and belongs no where near any art form
i think it's scary that this art can be lost to a machine that can't even produce it physically. I would hope i chose all correct however it is scary to think that it could lose it's presence online if people generate it rather than learning the art to create it.
Sacrilege.
Hate ai, been folding origami since I was in preschool.
I dont think all AI pieces can logically be folded in the way presented and that can be upsetting. As graphic designer I made fake origami for poster design before (without AI) and it was probably not foldable either but it was abstract vector lines. I dont see the use of AI generated pieces especially in a community that tried to replicate and just wants to have fun crafting them only to find out later its not possible no matter how skilled. That seems frustrating and upsetting and I dont see a benefit to it either.
Love to fold paper
In terms of pretty pictures for us to scroll and get a little dopamine hit,AI is already too realistic to tell. Plus folders who make real models to a high standard are using AI in the images, eg to put an animal theyve folded into a striking setting, or to animate the model. Already Ive seen some people doing this with models of mine they have folded. Or they are enhancing the images - if youve made a mistake it is easier to correct with AI than painstakingly using the clone brush in photoshop. If we prize perfection in technical folding for a photo, AI is already better than 99% of humans. Soon AI will be able to do the technical aspects of origami design effectively too, and Google already have robot hands that can fold paper. So in 2-5 years the best origami artist may not be a human. Creators (at least some) will have to rethink what our art is for. This may be an end of origami as we know it but also a new beginning.
Dont use ai with origami.
real origami is better
That was hard
fuck sam altman and all his ilk. AI is a cancer on us all.
AI origami feels lowk pointless
Ai is very scary it was fun when you could tell the difference but I feel like no one knows anymore
Origami, beyond being art, is math. It's a puzzle. Precise geometry. AI can generate pictures of something that looks like real folds, and even convince the best of the artists, but if it doesn't go through the entire process, the results would not be something that can be folded, therefore not pure origami, or origami of any kind. Unless it does the math, it won't make real models, just lies and imitations, as convincing as they may be.
Hard to tell
I detest the use of AI
Why would anyone do an AI origami, it loses all its value
Those are pretty pictures without soul and that convey a false impression of the art.
Scary
we are cooked.
Not a fan.
Fuck AI in art.
Really hard to tell apart
Generating fake origami using AI defeats the whole purpose of origami and art. It should only be used as a tool to help with certain tasks and not as a replacement or cheat.
Ban all generative AI now
it ruins the art
Se une mucho con el paper
Fuck ai. Period
I'm most bothered that there would be beginners trying to fold something ai/not possible. origami is awesome spacial maths (tho im only making intermediate at best ;3)
just why
Harder than with crochet / knitting
It's scary how good AI is getting and it terrifies me that I had trouble with a lot of those images. I'm sure I got some wrong and it's frightening. I hate the idea that you can almost not tell what's rral anymore
I didn't think it would be so hard to differentiate between real and AI.
AI has no place trying to substitute the arts! Anything crafted by human hands will always be superior to soulless AI generated perfection, because art isnt just about making something pleasing to the eye; its about making something meaningful.
Those two things should not be put together
Sucks man
Its hard to distinguish, even for more experienced Origamists, and it is really annoying to find your Feed filled with 50% Ai-Slop
I fear falling for AI crease patterns and just giving up instead of realizing
nothing is safe!! : (
Hate it
You can generate whatever you want and post online but in real life we are safe. Robots won't fold like us.
Dont do that I guess? Like any other art. Ughh.
The thing is, when Im scrolling I dont think to pay attention to whether each piece could be ai, so in reality Id say Id assume they're all real unless I was actively looking.
final figures are somewhat difficult to tell
Models with hands in their photo were easy to identify whether they were AI or not.
I think there are a lot of parallels between AI origami models and AI crochet objects, I.e. while able to fool a beginner or non-crocheter, expert crocheters or a careful eye will easily identify AI crochet objects by a few key impossibilities in the pattern
it certainly makes for good instagram slop. there are a lot of posts in the origami subreddit where novices see something AI generated and post asking about it. overall i dont think origami is well suited to generative LLMs because its too technical and the details matter too much. i struggle to see how it would potentially benefit the art form.
AI sucks in any creative field. What is the point in generating those images? Who benefits?
I love origami !! Also wondering if an AI model can be trained to convert maybe a 3d file to crease pattern
AI is not even close to being useful for origami. As for all art AI should stay far away from it. Art is a human expression, and AI doesn't hava any feelings to express
For getting inspiration its fine
I HATE IT. i have a friend that does origami decoration and workshops for companies and she recently lost a client that INSISTED she folds one specific parot - that was ofcourse AI AI is actively hurting origami artists in real live. also ppl start calling out actuall origami as 'probably AI!' which is absolutely awefull
It's quite upsetting, because whenever I see a really cool model now, my first thought isn't "wow!" It's "is this real?"
I think AI is damaging to crafting in general due to expectations and downplaying skill
I don't know who Al is or what he wants, but we should protect Origami from him at all costs.
i also think it's much easier to tell in the context of a certain account vs random image. from what I've seen, the majority of origami photos online at the beginner/ intermediate level aren't original designs, generally borrowing from another more established source that usually has diagrams or a cp with an identifiable artist behind it. If it's not from an account that seems legit in the first place, or doesn't seem like it's connected to an actual person, id be a lot more wary. in other words, source matters! i also don't use discord though, so maybe that has something to do with it
I dont like AI, and think that it doesnt have many meaningful applications in origami.
Some felt like AI images but I could see being a feasible or existing model
What's the point of ai generated origami. You can't really make money with it and I'm not sure you'd be able to get many likes on social media with origami being a bit too niche. It's sad that it's tarnishing a hobby like this.
No, BUT PLEASE TELL ME RIFT SCUTTLER IS REAL
hard to tell apart, mostly just guessing
I hate AI
It's insanely annoying seeing a cool origami design and wanting to make it but then it turns out it's not actually real
I abhor AI and the fake "art" it produces, and I am severely disappointed in anyone who likes that slop. Makes me question the future of humanity every time I see there's people who defend the right of AI "art" to be called such.
I dislike how ai is harming every art community, including origami.
ai cringe. I've folded some pretty advanced models, but I have not done origami much in a while
Ai itself isnt a terrible thing however it should only be used in medical use to detect cancers, find patterns and other sorts. At least for now. Humans will always need to double check the work of AI at least for now but humans are limited in what they can see. Origami is a great thing for humans as its very particular on how its folded, delicate for only we can do while AI and robots currently are harsh and well robotic
Origami is awesome and gemerative ai is built of off stolen information.
Ai needs to stop ruining crafts
AI bad in art?
Boooo AI booooo
Fuck AI
Crazy how hard it's become to differentiate them
It is hard to distinguish, I don't know what I'm looking for
It makes me sad that something so inherently human and, well, physical, is also getting affected by AI. I had a hard time telling which of the picures where real and which were AI.
AI might create image of realistic origami model, but origami isn't just a photo, it's real paper model that we can fold, it has CP. For now AI can't generate CP or instruction to fold origami. Atleast in origami, origami artists are better than AI. Only problem I have with AI origami images is that now Google image and pinterest is full of AI images, when I search for inspiration or reference. I want to see real models to learn new folding sequence to add details. But in AI images, there are many impossible folds, color change.
Summarised: AI is dookie. Origami is cool
Why do it?
like other forms of physical art, ai completely defeats the purpose
I'm not fond of AI in general and even more in the context of origami where it serve no purpose It should be always mentioned when it's AI
Origami is about the physical form and that will be something AI cant ever replace, bit for content shared online it is a concern to not be able to know what im looking at
From this series of questions the issue is the same as with any other arts or production: authenticity.
I think that any form of AI art is terrible
AI is inevitable but I would only use it for lighting a model, filters for example. And maybe when researching what to create. I would always annotate the photo if I used it.
Not really. Seems pretty pointless. You can make origami. Why bother using ai to generate images
Interested to see how well I did, its tough!
I hate it. Art is human.
Polluting origami
As with everything, it cheapens and ruins it. Origami is a beautiful, historical art, and what can be and has been created by talented people is more than beautiful enough to be showcased without AI setting literally impossible expectations. I may never be able to fold Satoshi Kamiya's Ancient Dragon, but it's POSSIBLE for me to reach that skill level
It will improve but I dont think it will take anything away from the art form.
Eh AI is kinda dog water at origami
This is a really cool quiz
Honestly, if any of these images showed up in my feed, and I was just scrolling, I would believe that all of them are real.
AI is inevitaby going to be in our lives no matter what we do think or say. So instead of fighting it we should implement tools to make take our craft to next level
I like origami but I havent really done anything too complicated. Generative AI is deteriorating the space where humans shared information and turning it into a melting sludge pile of indiscernible nonsense. I am scared
Very challenging to identify AI origami
Origami is cool AI isnt, why combine an art form with something that really only stole from others?
It's harder to tell them apart than I thought.
I dont really like the AI-generated images actually! I think it takes away from the wonder and beauty of real models.
It's really disappointing learning that something can't be made because it isn't real, so AI sucks for that. Some of the origami shown was a lot more complex than what I can make myself so I can only be sure it's real if it has similarities to real origami I've seen with instructions or a fold pattern.
I dont like this this was too hard ai bad
Scarey
Its bad to take credit for an ai generated model. But ig it could be used for inspo
FRICK AI ORIGAMI
I am now not sure what is real, but origami is still cool
Etsy is ruined... for origami, crochet, all sorts of crafts
they all could have been real oh my god, i would not have thought any were ai out in the wild
Maybe it could be useful in discovering new folding patterns.
This is still recent and very different from real origami, which you can do yourself.
AI is bad but I like origami
ai is kind of good at replicating some of the humanoid models
fuck ai !!!!
The ai is better than I expected
that was hard
ai bad
It looks cool, someone sent it to me, im ballz at this
Difficult
Fuck ai
Que esta complicado, es decir el origami hecho por maestros como kamiya, shuki, etc van a un nivel que parece imposible por lo cual a la ia le dificulta crear algo imposible y que sorprenda
Fuck ai
AI sucks
Pretty realistic
Love origami AI can fuck right off
I never considered AI entering this niche, but Im overall sad AI is affecting all art forms and everything in general, in and out of the art world.
I hate AI and want it far away from origami and everything else I love. So far the main groups that have benefited from gen ai are scammers and spammers.
A major part of the appeal of origami is the tangible piece that is created, which is something that generative AI could never pull off
I dont like how its getting harder to tell. I feel gross when I discover Ive been deceived because it just isnt as cool if no human effort goes into it. And its hard to be inspired to pursue something that may not even be possible. Hard things dont need extra doubt attached to their learning curves
I think it is really hard for me to differentiate between the two online, but thankfully origami has some built in guard rails because of crease patterns and the fact that its not just an image - its a model. If your product is an image, thats a concern, but since its a model, the image is just part of what the AI can replicate.
it's sad that people are making fake images. Origami is such a unique form of art that let's you interact closely with the artist when you fold someone elses's model and there's a lot of joy folding and all of that is stripped away and for what? some views and likes?
I hate it. It makes it hard to believe in Eric Joisel's work and the idea that I'll miss another great origami artist because I think they're a fake is awful.
I feel like it is a lot easier to tell on simpler models but some artists can bring complexity up to a point where I camt distinguish fakes or real
Its getting more confusing to Identify real vs AI
It could possibly help improve origami but not as it is right now.
AI has no place in this
why bro? u cld ask ai to do anyt else, js go fold a piece of paper n if theres no tutorial out thr and u dont want to learn the intricacies of understanding paper n making ur own design then pick a diff medium LOL
It defeat the purpose of origami in my opinion.
oregano
we need to kill all generative AI no mercy. all crafts, especially origami, are so innately human in the way out hands have to fold the creases.
some of these I was really confused on! Im a little concerned how convincing some of them were, even if I had a suspicion that it was AI
It was honestly way harder than I thought it would be. I'm always embarrassed when I can't tell if something is AI but the companies have worked very hard for it to be challenging. It feels wrong to be able for AI to portray true art and skill.
I did not realize that AI origami was an issue, because I am not involved in the origami world. I am involved and proficient in fiber arts (knitting, crochet) and AI is prevalent there; I am aware of it because I am knowledgeable and involved. Although I am interested in seeing the process and the finished product, my origami experience is limited, and Im not part of the community, I was ignorant of the impact of AI in this area.
AI needs to go away. Its a waste of resources and steals art.
Is dificulta evaluar with inly one photo
ai suck as it mostly use to decive people to get attention
I think one day AI could give a CP by looking at a diagram or vice versa.
AI has no place in paper art. Period.
Why would you AI origami
It is scary how its becoming harder to differentiate what is real and whats not
Sigh, what world have we become
Thank you for the survey. A really interesting topic within AI
ai can be useful for somethings but never to create art in whichever form that may be
love your work
Fuck ai fund art
I wish generative AI wasn't a thing. I miss being able to look at stuff online and honestly finding it impressive/wanting to learn about it and do something similar instead of having to double guess everytime whether it's even real.
Lots of untapped potential regarding generating crease patterns and or having a way of getting help folding crease patterns
It's slop, I don't want to see it
Instead of being used for Etsy or really might be helpful or used for silly entertainment or commercial purpose. As usual. It only hurts origami for now imo
Ai ruins art, feels like it cheapens it and makes it seem less impressive to people, and makes them think its worth less since an ai can do it in less than a minute
to be honest, i felt super lost and it is unrecognisable for me now
I hate AI slop
hate ai. fuck ai. literally the worst thing ever and i feel frustrated when i cant tell
Hard to tell the difference
Good if it can inspire
Its an odd thing to ask AI to make, for sure
i hate ai i wish it would go away
that origami is beautiful
AI BLOWS!!! Give us real art
We are cooked
Paper with both sides with the same color/texture make it harder to distinguish
Using AI to make images of origami is an insult to the genuinely beautiful creations of real artists and their efforts
Shouldn't be a thing
ai sucks :(
Picture of origami picture generating feels so useless, but maybe this is a way to prove the AI's understanding of the paper's logic.
No, other than :(
It causes confusion at the moment of searching new models to make
This was so much harder than I anticipated! I thought I would be able to spot the AI from a mike away, but tbh I could have answered 'not sure' to every image :(
On the margin its hard to tell!
Si good
I strongly dislike generative AI, especially AI that tries to replace human creativity. Origami is one of my first artistic hobbies, so seeing that generative AI is starting to seep into this form of art makes me upset and sad
If it was a video id be more confident but I dont know enough about origami to distinguish what is possible and what is not.
Alot harder than I was expecting.
It's still really bad at making diagrams!!
It would be ccol if AI can make functional diagrams, but I didnt like fake origami, that didn't work.
Screw AI, the fact it exists makes the great accomplishments by artists get instantly thrown into suspicion.
Uhhhh, all of them looked cool.
I didn't realize this was a category of art people would try to use AI for. The expansion of it is worrisome and I hope origami artists can continue receiving opportunities for their work. There are some interesting creators that I've seen videos from and showing the process and I don't know that AI can show the process.
Origami is stupid and AI is stupid
AI art in general is getting too good and its definitely a bit scary
Abhorrent.
It's cool and all but not as good as the human craft
Why even, who needs this
ai can go suck a dick. Origami is life.
Ew I hate how hard this was and I hate AIs impact it's going to have in diluting trust and value of high skill long time investment crafts
Honestly I doubt AI will be able to create the intricate origami models step by step as they require molding as compare to sinple straight folds.
Don't like ai
Fuck Ai
I don't like not knowing what is real
This was really hard
AI should not be used to create "origami images" because the central part of origami is that they can be folded and created by people, made especially special when large, beautiful structures are made. AI is a scourge present false hope.
its progressed surprisingly fast
nope but so much looks real
sigh. ai sucks man.
concerning that it is able to convincingly replicate such an exclusively human art, I've pivoted my study to electrical engineering partially because it's safe from ai takeover and am increasingly glad I've done so
I think ai is only good enough to generate images of origami for now.
Its not really AI origami. It AI pictures of origami .
If people could use AI to make diagrams or figure out flap placement/optimization, instead of fake models, that would be a much better use.
Advance models look cool but to find out they are fake removes the wonder of a single piece of paper being manipulated.
Why would you ai origami like isnt the point the final product not a photo of it
more difficult than I expected it to be
AFTER SATOSHI AN KNOWS TANTEIDAN MAGACINE AND OTER BOOKS... ANY FIGURE IS POSIBLE ON ORIGAMI
It's upsetting to see how AI has infiltrated so many different arts and how difficult it's gotten to identify, as well as the fact that we need to do this in the first place.
Just awful
AI sucks, we are doomed. Origami is sick
Indifferent
AI should not be left to replace creativity
I hate Al. its a big problem in the world
Origami is art and I consider AI to be the fundamental opposite of art.
It is hard to differentiate what's what
Should not mix
>:C AI, C: origami
looks cool, seems like a cool asf skill to have
Very scary. Also impressive.
Im sad that some of the amazing images Ive seen on the subreddit may be AI. Second-guessing now. I hope that Godzilla was real :/
If AI can help with the design, visualisation of models I think that's a lovely idea. Using AI to generate false images like is, to be generous, antithetical to point of art, and on the harsh side one could argue to living also
Scawy
won't it be great if AI can help people create the origami that is shown, rather than being a scam?
Origami AI
AI Origami
Generative ai is terrible
The math of origami is something I feel ai would (and clearly was) generally able to replicate. Im not sure it can truly conceptualise it well enough to make a pattern, but I could be wrong
Scary how hard it is to differentiate now
I'm scared if it can replicate something as handmade and complex as elite origami.
AI sucks and I hate that it is not convincingly recreating art. I sew and a ton of sewing pattern posts are AI now and its harder to tell at first glance
If any of those are AI, it is scary good at visualizing. Now let's see AI make a good fold pattern or better yet instructions
That was hard! Especially because the resolution was so low. I would hope that if the resolution were higher, it would be easier to distinguish the real photos because of the way AI images tend to fuzz out on dense patterns.
Tougher than I thought to distinguish
It feels weird that ppl would even try to AI origami
Interesting concept. Curious where the AI got its training material from, how it influenced the image, how to tell the difference between real/AI (my hunch is the fidelity).
The AI is pretty good
AI art = ewwww
I imagine AI hurts the practice as it can trick people into going for impossible pieces
I feel like I got a lot wrong. I didn't think it would be this hard to distinguish.
I find it really difficult to spot AI origami :(
Get AI the fk away from origami
origami is cool and i have so much respect for the people that take and took the time to design these amazing patterns and AI sucks 4eva
Obviously it is a bad thing but the only way I can see it affecting the community and models is being a little misleading. Someone might be able to show off impressive ai "models" and get a small following but that following won't be much and wouldn't equate to much fame or money. Ai is likely no where near being able to produce crease patterns or diagrams and thus an ai creator will never reach a status of a steady cash flow I guess or whatever people produce ai content aim for. It also definitely helps with origami being so niche.
AI sucks, real paper forever!!
AI sucks, origami is great!
What's the point lol I feel like the fun is in folding
Images generated by AI should be labeled as such
Harder than I thought. Still appreciate the real art so much.
AI sucks
both ai and origami have their connections but ai makes origami look more different than the actual thing like you can have someone create the very same thing as the ai have made but the ai created image wont because its not possible to make realistic origamis with a few foldings or techniques
Stupid but I like origami
Kinda goofy, just for views
Not particular to origami, just for all arts and crafts and other creative pursuits, ai content taking over is just horrible
AI is very bad at was it does lol
Scary stuff when unregulated
I'm not certain about my answers!
i think there are lots of similarities between this and how general purpose ai generates crocheting or knitting patterns. because its not a specialist tool it can get the gist of the craft but cant be precise
Generative AI is absolute bullcrap and I wish it will die out in the near future one way or another. Origami is really fascinating however because it really impresses me how people manage to figure out the method to fold the papers into specific things (which are usually complex too).
AI is a plague for real art
Origami is a form of art, and as such what has to be considerated its state of art is the process of the creation, from studying it to the fold to the mistakes etc. The use of AI in this matter has no difference in my opinion to the intensive use of Photoshop 10 years ago or the printed sets of the most famous paintings. The result may sometimes be difficult to scope out in comparison to the original form of art, but as process of creation lacks this proves that it is not origami, or art in general, but just a quick emulation that serves the pure role of just an emulation.
I am very frustrated that I feel I cannot understand which is Ai and which is not
Its just so hard to tell
I am anti-AI.
It looks scaringly real even though you now that some folds cannot be possible
I think that growing use of ai for this kind of things hurts people's understanding of how the art form actually works and the creativity involved
AI can never be art. Art is inherently human made. AI generated images of origami are misleading and can be frustrating for newer origami enthusiasts when they see a cool model and what to learn how to fold it only to discover it's AI and physically impossible to fold in real life
Generative ai has no place in art of any kind, including origami
I hate genai and I love origami...
I hate generative AI. We should ban it because now you cant trust a photo or video to be real
Honestly I don't like genAI so it is not something I support
Scary how good it can imitate!! I thought it'd be a hard thing to do but I found myself confused on a couple of them
Bad. Ai bad.
Im just moderately sad about ai in general
Scary how accurate these are...
I weirdly never tried anything although Ive been doing origami for over 20 years. Would be great if it could help those unfamiliar with origami design to create their own models !
Ai sucks
AI pictures were REALLY good. I couldnt tell the difference
Hard to guess want to know how to tell if it is or not
I don't think AI is helping origami in anything cause it's not real exploration and design, it's just creating a image that looks like origami, besides that there is a lot copyright and enviromental problems attatched to AI
AI sucks
Not a fan of ai
Origami is sick - wish there was more content of cool builds
fuck ai
Like other art, its concerning to see AI output masquerading as the real thing
This was way harder than I expected.
Im very anti-AI in art fields in general.
This is even dumber than AI illustration and that's saying something.
original origami is unparalleled, AI origami wastes peoples time if people try to make an exact replica, so if its not reproducible then its poor science.
I am lowkey AI's biggest opp, especially when it comes to replacing actual critical thought and art
NONONONONONONNONONONONO I HATE AI
Idkkk
Its very realistic and hard to compare
Origami is cool, I don't have the patience to do it though. I am incredibly anti-AI, specifically generative AI such as pictures and music.
I feel like origami is another example of how AI makes my life worse
AI is not and cannot be truly generative, and it should never be used for art or anything that requires reliability and consistency. It cannot create meaningful results and profits off the work of real artists while polluting the environment and harming the lives of those forced to live around data centers.
I have no idea whats possible with origami so I found it very difficult to tell what was AI or not
So sad about AI flooded craft spaces with false methods and unrealistic expectations
Origamis a fun hobby although not broadly my thing. Generative AI saps the fun from artisanal hobbies and the like.
I have found a lot of simple diagrams that are made with Ai and I'm not able to know what's wrong till I start looking for the step by step of it :'c
I like origami and topology, I have reservations about the rush to include AI in so much of society, I am not sure how the two interface and I hope that AI doesnt impact origami spaces negatively
I dont thing ai shpuld mix with origami maybe some use in diagrams but i am against ai art
Damaging to real artists
It's getting more difficult to differentiate between reality and ai.
Ai bad >:(
AI sucks.
AIs are pretty good with lines, so it is tough to differentiate them accurately
Origami is art. AI is nonsense made from smashing images together.
ai is so buns
Origami are impressive ! Ai less
I don't understand the point of AI generating an origami piece... it's not real
I genuinely think that generative AI is ok for an artist to use as it allows them to have a general thought of the art they want, but to use it for a "professional" use (posting it on an account or use it publicly) nah that's a rip off
I think it is hard top tell the difference and it's sad
AI sucks, real origami is cool. Even if I cant tell the difference anymore
It is harder than i expected, which is a shame bc i love origami and hate AI
I'm worried about a devaluation of crafts, including origami, in the face of generative AI. The act of creation itself is non-existent in AI images. But unless you're already an expert in a craft (or maybe even then?), it will only get harder and harder to differentiate what's real and fake from here on out. I think this will also create confusion in people trying to get into origami.
Its hard to tell man
We're in for a very, very bad time
as an artist (painting, not origami), former teacher, and new parent, I despise AI and the thieving, gutless slugs it makes out of us humans. I have only folded paper cranes and little boxes and already have tremendous respect for the craft of origami and those who have attained the skill of creating beautiful and complex things from a flat sheet of paper! Generating images of forms that appear to be real but are impossible and required no work or intelligence is at best, a disappointment, and at worst, a lie.
I don't understand why ai is intruding in this space
Origami knowledge and experience will greatly impact the ability to tell if a folded model is real or not.
hate ai with a passion
At its current stage it's only usefull if you need a picture to show to neophytes.
I hope i see man made origami all the time and not ai origami
It's crazy hard to tell the difference
I hope this doesn't become a problem in the future.
AI Distracts from the real math and talent to fold structures
Ai sucks
Maybe we'll get real world model generation IDK
I got too tired trying to figure it out and just went on instinct for the later half
ai generated things are lame, origami is cool
I am absolutely getting scammed when I'm 70
AI ruining my trust in everything sucks :(
I really hope we don't let ai take art over
AI, in recent, can not create the physics and mathematics in folding paper
Lowkey they all looked real
annoying
Ai origami isn't art, it doesn't even make sense you can't make it, you can't have it. It's just a shitty picture
Annoying it takes away from an actual technical skilled art form, and a fun game for kids
I wouldnt be shocked to learn that these are all AI tbh. Its disappointing to see AI origami and other crafts because the whole concept of crafting (to me) is that its something that someone has learned how to do through practice. A lot of the appeal crafting has to me is that its something that I could learn to do too, even if I dont actually intend to.
Is sad that ai could come across as real taking away from how amazing some real origami pieces can be
Origami cool, ai bad
using generative AI to create versions of handmade pieces should not be tolerated at all. this should not become widespread in any way, shape, or form
I think origami is an amazing skill and artform, and I look forward to try various patterns from things I like. I strongly dislike generative AI due to its environmental effects and theft from talented artists and voice actors.
Never thought about how it could also damage this field... Sending strenght to you !
I think its really harmful, and negatively impacts both experienced people and people who want to learn
Fuck ai
Crazy how difficult to tell it can get!
Both are cool...yet we humans need to do art not judge art...right brain power!
AI is ruining crafting communities online and I hate it.
Ai bad
A lot of origami masterpieces looked unreal long before AI became popular :P
Hard to tell difference
AI requires restrictions, especially on creative content, and things should be clearly labeled as to whether or not they were generated by AI. Origami is pretty cool, too.
That was way harder than I hoped it would be
I might try to ask AI if it can give me a folding pattern for an input image of a completed origami model. I doubt it will be able to.
I don't see the point if AI can't make realistic patterns
Maybe it will help us discover new folds someday.
This is way harder than expected
I think that generative AI should stay out of creative fields. Out of most fields in fact, but I digress.
These were much more difficult than any other AI identification I have tried.
Love origami, AI needs to find its place
Im just not a fan of AI in general :/
AI sucks origami rules
hard to discern
Why ai? There is no need to fake origami
Really difficult to differentiate
I heavily dislike AI, and firmly believe it shouldnt ever be in the same space as origami. Origami is a delicate craft that people need to have skills for, AI just feels shameful on that aspect. Mainly due to the fact it generates it, not hones in years of skill in a delicate craft.
I don't understand why people want to pass themselves off as origami artists through AI...
Would love to see human arts preserved :(
This was a lot harder than I was expecting it to be. I think its easy for some people with no experience to see models that appear really difficult and assume it has to be ai which I feel like Ive seen a lot of in other areas of art and creation, that maybe ai will make the uninitiated believe humans arent as capable as we really are
I think that very skilled origami practitioners can create most things so AI generated images arent going to change my perception. However, as an art form I dont believe its right for AI to have a place as it is likely taking away income from a creative.
really hard to tell :(
Man thats difficult
Origami is really cool! I wanna fold 1000 paper cranes :D
fuck ai
Same as thoughts about AI generated images: Ew.
Its so hard to tell actually I wasn't sure about any of them
This was way harder than I expected. But its sad how easily AI can replicate art forms that take countless hours to do, and years to master
Might be a cool tool to get inspired from. But scary that I had a hard discerning between the two.
Generative AI is blurring the lines of reality and fiction, which makes it really hard to learn by observation, so I personally hate it. Also it makes it easier for lazy people to fake action or effort. Origami is amazing and often hard to figure out, so combined with AI is a mess.
Fucked up
Feels like it defeats the purpose, but I'm not exactly for ai art
AI origami looks clean and crisp
The backgrounds were more revealing than the origami itself
Its really dumb, the whole point of origami ( and where most of the fun is at imo) is challenging yourself with the craft, not just for the final picture
